Now that we have Docker installed,
we can start working with the different command line tools that it provides.
Before we do that, though,
I want to talk about an additional tool that's
available called Docker Kitematic.
And although we're not going to be using it throughout the course,
it's a great way to visually see what are images and what are
containers, and you can even pull down images and start up
containers right there on your machine very,
very easily.
Let's take a quick look at what it offers.
So Docker Kitematic is a GUI tool that makes it really
easy to work with images and containers.
And as I mentioned,
we're going to be using command line for everything
throughout the rest of the course, but I like Kitematic
simply because if you're new to Docker,
really haven't played with images or containers, or at this
point don't even really know what those are,
so we'll be providing more details as we move along, then this will provide
a really easy way to get started. Now, it allows you to visually search on
something called Docker Hub for these images,
and the image can then be downloaded to your machine,
and then you can create, run, and manage containers using this GUI.
So just with a few clicks of the button,
you can actually issue commands behind the scenes that we'll be
learning about later that you would normally have to do on the command
line, but Kitematic kind of hides that from us.
So if somebody wanted to play around with images and containers and
doesn't know the cmdlet at all or really doesn't use it,
Kitematic would certainly be an option, but I think even if
you are going to be using command line,
then it's nice to know about at least and interesting to explore. So let's go ahead and take a look at Docker Kitematic in action.